i know what happens in the oval office
and that's what scares me
i come at this from a very unique
perspective
not just having been a journalist but
also having worked
for two different presidents hey folks
pete was with the president all the time
unlike his predecessor mr trump does not
allow his staff photographer to capture
photographs
of life and work inside the white house
if you just stacked up the images of the
obama presidency and the trump
presidency you would see the two stories
of america
in this darkest possible contrast
the job of the chief official white
house photographer is to make
authentic photographs
photographs break down the idea that
these people are somehow different from
us
i've got an idea for another picture
didn't get that piece yeah
the first time that we went to the u.n
he and reggie love played basketball
at one point president obama blocks
reggie's shot and goes
did you get that block
when barack obama was elected i could
see
what he meant to the african-american
community this five-year-old kid asked
obama is my haircut just like yours
president obama bent over and let that
kid touch his head in his hand
that image stands for how kids will see
themselves differently
forever i thought who is this man how
does he deal with praises
leadership character and empathy
don't you wish we had that now when i
first met pete his politics were not at
all evident
he changed he could no longer be this
fly on the wall
pete souza is getting attention online
with replies to president trump's tweets
i had to speak out i knew how the job
should be done
pete felt the urgency to show what the
office can be
this was a 9-1-1
reagan and obama respected the dignity
of the office
the presidency is a serious job
and i was going to do everything i could
to make sure people didn't forget that
do you have a picture for every single
thing that donald trump has lied about
with barack obama pretty much
[Music]
you